# Capture-the-Flag-_Project
CTF is traditional outdoor game.
These competitions distill major disciplines of professional computer security work into short, objectively measurable exercises. The focus areas that CTF competition tend to measure are vulnerability discovery, exploit creation, toolkit creation and operational tradecraft. The CTF curriculum support learning experiences that allow to explore occupational areas common to Career and Technology Studies (CTS) and CTF through challenges or tasks. Our objective is convincing software developer how important it is to implement application security of the functionality of the application.
## Introduction 
This project is a web application which has been developed by using python and JavaScript. The application stimulates a social media account which provides the ability view profiles, create chat groups, join existing groups, chat with group members and to share files among them. The intent of this project is to convince the application developers that it’s not only the functionality of the application that matters but the security of that application as well, especially when it’s come to social media accounts.  The player of this CTF box has to follow the instructions, hints given by the WOLF. The WOLF is a black hat hacker. The player (Let’s call him as Alpha), apparently he is under the control of the WOLF. By exploiting the vulnerabilities of this social media application the flag is presented to the Alpha at each level. We have recreated the vulnerabilities which had in famous social medias like Facebook, WhatsApp. This CTF box does not focusing on only the application vulnerabilities but possible social engineering attacks for social media accounts as well. This is the story board that we have implemented for the Alpha throughout this CTF Box The project contains 15 levels, which has been developed by three developers 
## To run this application: 
  1. Make sure that you have a copy of Python 3.6 or higher installed on your machine. You’ll also need to install pip. If you downloaded Python from Python’s website, you likely already have pip installed (you can check by running pip in a terminal window). If you don’t have it installed, be sure to install it before moving on! 
  2. In a terminal window, navigate into the CTFBox-TheWOLF directory. 
  3. Run pip3 install -r requirements.txt in your terminal window to make sure that all of the necessary Python packages (Flask and Flask-SocketIO, for instance) are installed. 
  4. Set the environment variable FLASK_APP to be application.py. On a Mac or on Linux, the command to do this is export FLASK_APP=application.py. On Windows, the command is instead set FLASK_APP=application.py. 
  5. Run flask run to start the Flask application. 
